Add doc readme (#1710)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/README.md

<!---

> Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright 2022- The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.
```

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Generating the documentation

To generate the documentation, you first have to build it. Several packages are necessary to build the doc, 
you can install them with the following command, at the root of the code repository:

```bash
pip install -e ".[docs]"
```

> Then you need to install our special tool that builds the documentation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then you need to install our open source documentation builder tool:
```

```bash

> pip install git+https://github.com/huggingface/doc-builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install hf-doc-builder
```

```

---
**NOTE**

You only need to generate the documentation to inspect it locally (if you're planning changes and want to
check how they look before committing for instance). You don't have to commit the built documentation.

---

> ## Building the documentation

Reviewer: Actually I don't think that this section is really necessary when writing docs

@mishig25 what do you think?

Reviewer: Preview should be enough no?

Author: this section actually really really confused me lol- we should definitely remove it if not needed, or make it clear when it is needed

Once you have setup the `doc-builder` and additional packages, you can generate the documentation by 
typing the following command:

```bash
doc-builder build diffusers docs/source/ --build_dir ~/tmp/test-build
```

You can adapt the `--build_dir` to set any temporary folder that you prefer. This command will create it and generate
the MDX files that will be rendered as the documentation on the main website. You can inspect them in your favorite
Markdown editor.

> ## Previewing the documentation

Reviewer: That's the important section :-)

To preview the docs, first install the `watchdog` module with:

```bash
pip install watchdog
```

Then run the following command:

```bash
doc-builder preview {package_name} {path_to_docs}
```

For example:

```bash
doc-builder preview diffusers docs/source/
```

> The docs will be viewable at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000). You can also preview the docs once you have opened a PR. You will see a bot add a comment to a link where the documentation with your changes lives.

Reviewer: nice!

Accepted files are Markdown (.md or .mdx).

Create a file with its extension and put it in the source directory. You can then link it to the toc-tree by putting
the filename without the extension in the [`_toctree.yml`](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/blob/main/docs/source/_toctree.yml) file.

## Renaming section headers and moving sections

It helps to keep the old links working when renaming the section header and/or moving sections from one document to another. This is because the old links are likely to be used in Issues, Forums, and Social media and it'd make for a much more superior user experience if users reading those months later could still easily navigate to the originally intended information.

Therefore, we simply keep a little map of moved sections at the end of the document where the original section was. The key is to preserve the original anchor.

So if you renamed a section from: "Section A" to "Section B", then you can add at the end of the file:

```
Sections that were moved:

[ <a href="#section-b">Section A</a><a id="section-a"></a> ]
```
and of course, if you moved it to another file, then:

```
Sections that were moved:

> [ <a href="../new-file#section-b">Section A</a><a id="section-a"></a> ]

Reviewer 2: Very cool, I didn't know this was possible! 🙏

```

Use the relative style to link to the new file so that the versioned docs continue to work.

> For an example of a rich moved section set please see the very end of [the Trainer doc](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/main/docs/source/en/main_classes/trainer.mdx).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For an example of a rich moved section set please see the very end of [the transformers Trainer doc](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/main/docs/source/en/main_classes/trainer.mdx).
```

Just to clarify this is not a diffusers trainer.

## Writing Documentation - Specification

The `huggingface/diffusers` documentation follows the
[Google documentation](https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example_google.html) style for docstrings,
although we can write them directly in Markdown.

### Adding a new tutorial

Adding a new tutorial or section is done in two steps:

> - Add a new file under `./source`. This file can either be ReStructuredText (.rst) or Markdown (.md).

Reviewer 2: Maybe `docs/source`? Or clarify in a previous sentence that these paths refer to the root of the documentation at `docs`.

- Link that file in `./source/_toctree.yml` on the correct toc-tree.

Make sure to put your new file under the proper section. It's unlikely to go in the first section (*Get Started*), so
depending on the intended targets (beginners, more advanced users, or researchers) it should go in sections two, three, or four.

### Adding a new pipeline/scheduler

When adding a new pipeline:

- create a file `xxx.mdx` under `./source/api/pipelines` (don't hesitate to copy an existing file as template).

> - Link that file in (*Diffusers Summary*) section in `./source/api/pipelines/overview.mdx`, along with the link to the paper, and a colab notebook (if available).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Link that file in the (*Diffusers Summary*) section in `./source/api/pipelines/overview.mdx`, along with the link to the paper, and a colab notebook (if available).
```

- Write a short overview of the diffusion model:
    - Overview with paper & authors
    - Paper abstract

>     - Tips and tricks and how to use it best

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Tips and tricks and how to use it best
    - Possible an end-to-end example of how to use it
```

# second line
# etc
```
````

#### Writing a return block

The return block should be introduced with the `Returns:` prefix, followed by a line return and an indentation.
The first line should be the type of the return, followed by a line return. No need to indent further for the elements
building the return.

Here's an example of a single value return:

```
    Returns:
        `List[int]`: A list of integers in the range [0, 1] --- 1 for a special token, 0 for a sequence token.
```

Here's an example of a tuple return, comprising several objects:

```
    Returns:
        `tuple(torch.FloatTensor)` comprising various elements depending on the configuration ([`BertConfig`]) and inputs:
        - ** loss** (*optional*, returned when `masked_lm_labels` is provided) `torch.FloatTensor` of shape `(1,)` --
          Total loss is the sum of the masked language modeling loss and the next sequence prediction (classification) loss.
        - **prediction_scores** (`torch.FloatTensor` of shape `(batch_size, sequence_length, config.vocab_size)`) --
          Prediction scores of the language modeling head (scores for each vocabulary token before SoftMax).
```

#### Adding an image

> Due to the rapidly growing repository, it is important to make sure that no files that would significantly weigh down the repository are added. This includes images, videos, and other non-text files. We prefer to leverage a hf.co hosted `dataset` like
> the ones hosted on [`hf-internal-testing`](https://huggingface.co/hf-internal-testing) in which to place these files and reference
> them by URL. We recommend putting them in the following dataset: [huggingface/documentation-images](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to the rapidly growing repository, it is important to make sure that no files that would significantly weigh down the repository are added. This includes images, videos, and other non-text files. We prefer to leverage a hf.co hosted `dataset` to place these files and reference
them by URL. We recommend putting them in the following dataset: [huggingface/documentation-images](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images).
```

Why mention `hf-internal-testing` if we recommend `documentation-images`? `hf-internal-testing` should be useful for tests, but that could be covered in another doc :)

If an external contribution, feel free to add the images to your PR and ask a Hugging Face member to migrate your images
to this dataset.

## Styling the docstring

> We have an automatic script running with the `make style` comment that will make sure that:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have an automatic script running with the `make style` command that will make sure that:
```

- the docstrings fully take advantage of the line width
- all code examples are formatted using black, like the code of the Transformers library

This script may have some weird failures if you made a syntax mistake or if you uncover a bug. Therefore, it's
recommended to commit your changes before running `make style`, so you can revert the changes done by that script
easily.

> 

Reviewer: Very nice!
